ADR for using Pull based(Integrated Vectorization) approach throughout (#629)
Azure-Samples/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator: docs/design/adrs/2024-04-08-use-pull-throughout-for-ingestion.md

> # Use Pull approach(Integrated Vectorization) throughout for ingestion

Reviewer: Can we also create a short doc (not as part of this PR but as part of the IV work in general) that lists the pros and cons of Push vs Pull as a way to help our users make the right choice of push vs pull for their specific use case. 

e.g. Cost considerations, ease of maintainability, etc. What factors do the users need to consider when making a choice.

Author: Sure

* **Status** - proposed
* **Proposer:** @komalgrover
* **Date:** 2024-04-08
* **Technical Story:** [https://github.com/Azure-Samples/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator/issues/321](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator/issues/321)

## Context and Problem Statement

There are two ways to ingest data to the search index i.e using Push based approach or a Pull based approach. This repository is currently using Push based approach in which the developer has more control on how the index is created and what values are put into the index.
We want to add Integrated vectorization (Pull based approach) and give the flexibility to the user to use either of the two approaches. The purpose of this ADR is to document the approach taken to be able to deploy Pull based approach.

## Decision Drivers
* Ease of deployment
* Ability to convey the concept of Integrated Vectorization (Pull based approach)

## Considered Options
* Using Pull approach throughout
* Using Pull for documents and push for URL embeddings

## Decision outcome

> * Using Pull approach throughout, as it meets all our requirements.

Reviewer: curious to understand what requirements you considered

Author: Requirements are directly related to the decision drivers above. The main purpose of IV in this repository is to demonstrate how IV works. It should be easy to understand & deploy.

## Pros and cons of each of the above options

### Using Pull approach throughout

> Ask the user at the time of deployment on which approach to take. If the user selects Integrated Vectorization(IV), the resources for IV are created during the infra deployment through [bicep](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/search/search-get-started-bicep?tabs=CLI) or REST APIs wrapped in script. Indexer can be scheduled to run every 5 min and all the chunking, vectorization process happens internally and data gets indexed.

Reviewer: Can we make the indexer interval configurable rather than hardcode to 5 minutes?

Author: No longer needed for the indexer to be configurable, as it will run on every document upload

> For URL embedding, the URL content will be downloaded, scraped of any html & css related content and the text will be uploaded to the blob storage for further processing.

Reviewer: What are the memory considerations for downloading and processing the webpages? What if the webpage is very large and doesn't fit in memory?

Reviewer: Komal and I had an offline discussion about this - for now, she will be looking into how to gracefully handle large webpages without overcomplicating the solution. The goal is to ensure we don't exhaust the server's memory if the webpage is too large - failing to process the webpage gracefully is an acceptable solution, we don't need to look into incremental processing for now. That can be a separate enhancement for the future.

With this option in place, we will also be looking if it is possible for anyone to switch between Pull & Push approach.

Cons

> * N/A

Reviewer 2: I guess a con would be that we need to develop a service/function that does the downloading and scraping of URL content.
```suggestion
* Effort developing a solution to scrape the contents of a webpage
```

Reviewer 2: And then the inverse would be a pro for the second option

> Pros

Reviewer: Nit: The formatting needs to be fixed. In the preview, this shows up as 
Cons:
* N/A Pros

> * Less confusion, ease of maintaining the index.

Reviewer: Nit: Can we call out explicitly that "less confusion" is because all data is indexed uniformly as pull-based?

Author: Updated!

> * Azure function can be removed as it will no longer be needed to trigger the HTTP phython function.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Azure function is no longer needed for ingestion.
```

### Using Pull for documents and push for URL embeddings

Ask the user at the time of deployment if they want to go with the Pull approach. The resources for Pull approach get created at the time of deployment. For URL embedding it will continue to use the Push based approach as for URL embedding it is not possible to link the content of URL to the search datasource resource.

Cons
* Difficult to maintain the index as it would contain the URL related data which is indexed through Push and the document data which is using Pull.
* Additional cost for Azure function as it will only be used for URL embeddings.
* Can be very confusing for the end user.

> Pros

Reviewer: Nit: Again I think a line break is needed before the "Pros" to maintain formatting. Check the preview.

There are two ways to ingest data to the search index i.e using Push based approach or a Pull based approach. This repository is currently using Push based approach in which the developer has more control on how the index is created and what values are put into the index.
We want to add Integrated vectorization (Pull based approach) and give the flexibility to the user to use either of the two approaches. The purpose of this ADR is to document the approach taken to be able to deploy Pull based approach.

## Requirements

> * Demostrate the usage of Integrated Vectorization (Pull approach)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Demonstrate the usage of Integrated Vectorization (Pull approach)
```
